During my high-school years,
I would work at a shipyard
as a third-class welder.
It was difficult.
In the summertime,
it was real hot on the water.
And I just said: “Wow!
“If I’m going to have to do this
for 30 or 40 years,
I’ve got to find something better.”
In that period of time, “successful” meant
“a good job, a lot of money, comfort.”
And so I went through college in four years
and got an accounting degree.
Every time I would get a transfer,
I would get promoted.
So I went from Africa to Belgium,
from Belgium to Scotland,
from Scotland back to the U.S.,
and then from the U.S. to Singapore.
And that was really a big jump
—nice cars, a driver,
putting a whole lot of money in the bank.
And every time
I would reach one of these goals,
my wife and I would sit at the table and say:
“Now—now we’re going to be happy.
Now we’re going to finally start
to be able to enjoy this.”
But it was like something fleeting.
It just wasn’t there.
The emptiness was growing bigger.
It was getting—
The hole was getting larger.
We were just perplexed.
We didn’t know where to go
to find any kind of joy or happiness.
Well, my daughter,
she had a baby shop.
It sold baby clothes
and small baby furniture.
She and her husband ran the shop.
So they hired this young girl
to help with the store
and to help with their children.
But when she wasn’t busy
with the store and with the children,
she’d pull open her Bible
and she would be reading her Bible.
So they asked this young girl,
“Do you know anybody
that could study with the two kids?”
She said, “I have the perfect people,
the perfect couple.”
And so they set up a study
the following week
on one night during the week.
And my daughter called me and said:
“Dad, can you come to this Bible study?
“I don’t know these people.
And you just need to be there
to make sure it’s on the up-and-up.”
And so I came to that first Bible study,
and I watched it.
I just sat there amazed!
But when the study was over,
I asked them, I said,
“Would y’all be interested
in studying with me?”
You know, in the world,
you may hit these goals,
but then very quickly after that,
you go way down
and then you stay way down.
The truth brings you constant joy.
There’s nothing like it.
It’s just complete satisfaction,
and you just know now
you’re doing the right thing.
And it’s just changed our whole life now
and our whole attitude.
We are just so very content and happy.